packages/google_maps_flutter/google_maps_flutter/README.md, before:

# Google Maps for Flutter

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_maps_flutter.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter)

A Flutter plugin that provides a [Google Maps](https://developers.google.com/maps/) widget.

|             | Android | iOS    |
|-------------|---------|--------|
| **Support** | SDK 20+ | iOS 9+ |

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `google_maps_flutter` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-channels).

## Getting Started

* Get an API key at <https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/>.

* Enable Google Map SDK for each platform.
  * Go to [Google Developers Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/).
  * Choose the project that you want to enable Google Maps on.
  * Select the navigation menu and then select "Google Maps".
  * Select "APIs" under the Google Maps menu.
  * To enable Google Maps for Android, select "Maps SDK for Android" in the "Additional APIs" section, then select "ENABLE".
  * To enable Google Maps for iOS, select "Maps SDK for iOS" in the "Additional APIs" section, then select "ENABLE".
  * Make sure the APIs you enabled are under the "Enabled APIs" section.

For more details, see [Getting started with Google Maps Platform](https://developers.google.com/maps/gmp-get-started).

### Android

1. Set the `minSdkVersion` in `android/app/build.gradle`:

```groovy
android {
    defaultConfig {
        minSdkVersion 20
    }
}
```

This means that app will only be available for users that run Android SDK 20 or higher.

2. Specify your API key in the application manifest `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml`:

```xml
<manifest ...
  <application ...
    <meta-data android:name="com.google.android.geo.API_KEY"
               android:value="YOUR KEY HERE"/>
```

#### Hybrid Composition

To use [Hybrid Composition](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-views)
to render the `GoogleMap` widget on Android, set `AndroidGoogleMapsFlutter.useAndroidViewSurface` to
true.

```dart
if (defaultTargetPlatform == TargetPlatform.android) {
  AndroidGoogleMapsFlutter.useAndroidViewSurface = true;
}
```

### iOS

To set up, specify your API key in the application delegate `ios/Runner/AppDelegate.m`:

```objectivec
#include "AppDelegate.h"
#include "GeneratedPluginRegistrant.h"
#import "GoogleMaps/GoogleMaps.h"

@implementation AppDelegate

- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application
    didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions {
  [GMSServices provideAPIKey:@"YOUR KEY HERE"];
  [GeneratedPluginRegistrant registerWithRegistry:self];
  return [super application:application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:launchOptions];
}
@end
```

Or in your swift code, specify your API key in the application delegate `ios/Runner/AppDelegate.swift`:

```swift
import UIKit
import Flutter
import GoogleMaps

@UIApplicationMain
@objc class AppDelegate: FlutterAppDelegate {
  override func application(
    _ application: UIApplication,
    didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?
  ) -> Bool {
    GMSServices.provideAPIKey("YOUR KEY HERE")
    GeneratedPluginRegistrant.register(with: self)
    return super.application(application, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions: launchOptions)
  }
}
```

### Both

You can now add a `GoogleMap` widget to your widget tree.

The map view can be controlled with the `GoogleMapController` that is passed to
the `GoogleMap`'s `onMapCreated` callback.

### Sample Usage

```dart
import 'dart:async';

import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:google_maps_flutter/google_maps_flutter.dart';

void main() => runApp(MyApp());

class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      title: 'Flutter Google Maps Demo',
      home: MapSample(),
    );
  }
}

class MapSample extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  State<MapSample> createState() => MapSampleState();
}

class MapSampleState extends State<MapSample> {
  Completer<GoogleMapController> _controller = Completer();

  static final CameraPosition _kGooglePlex = CameraPosition(
    target: LatLng(37.42796133580664, -122.085749655962),
    zoom: 14.4746,
  );

  static final CameraPosition _kLake = CameraPosition(
      bearing: 192.8334901395799,
      target: LatLng(37.43296265331129, -122.08832357078792),
      tilt: 59.440717697143555,
      zoom: 19.151926040649414);

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new Scaffold(
      body: GoogleMap(
        mapType: MapType.hybrid,
        initialCameraPosition: _kGooglePlex,
        onMapCreated: (GoogleMapController controller) {
          _controller.complete(controller);
        },
      ),
      floatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton.extended(
        onPressed: _goToTheLake,
        label: Text('To the lake!'),
        icon: Icon(Icons.directions_boat),
      ),
    );
  }

  Future<void> _goToTheLake() async {
    final GoogleMapController controller = await _controller.future;
    controller.animateCamera(CameraUpdate.newCameraPosition(_kLake));
  }
}
```

See the `example` directory for a complete sample app.

Commit message:

[google_maps_flutter] Deprecate AndroidGoogleMapsFlutter (#6335)

packages/google_maps_flutter/google_maps_flutter/README.md, after:

# Google Maps for Flutter

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_maps_flutter.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter)

A Flutter plugin that provides a [Google Maps](https://developers.google.com/maps/) widget.

|             | Android | iOS    |
|-------------|---------|--------|
| **Support** | SDK 20+ | iOS 9+ |

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `google_maps_flutter` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-channels).

## Getting Started

* Get an API key at <https://cloud.google.com/maps-platform/>.

* Enable Google Map SDK for each platform.
  * Go to [Google Developers Console](https://console.cloud.google.com/).
  * Choose the project that you want to enable Google Maps on.
  * Select the navigation menu and then select "Google Maps".
  * Select "APIs" under the Google Maps menu.
  * To enable Google Maps for Android, select "Maps SDK for Android" in the "Additional APIs" section, then select "ENABLE".
  * To enable Google Maps for iOS, select "Maps SDK for iOS" in the "Additional APIs" section, then select "ENABLE".
  * Make sure the APIs you enabled are under the "Enabled APIs" section.

For more details, see [Getting started with Google Maps Platform](https://developers.google.com/maps/gmp-get-started).

### Android

1. Set the `minSdkVersion` in `android/app/build.gradle`:

```groovy
android {
    defaultConfig {
        minSdkVersion 20
    }
}
```

This means that app will only be available for users that run Android SDK 20 or higher.

2. Specify your API key in the application manifest `android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml`:

```xml
<manifest ...
  <application ...
    <meta-data android:name="com.google.android.geo.API_KEY"
               android:value="YOUR KEY HERE"/>
```

#### Display Mode

The Android implementation supports multiple
[platform view display modes](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-views).
For details, see [the Android README](https://pub.dev/packages/google_maps_flutter_android#display-mode).

### iOS

To set up, specify your API key in the application delegate `ios/Runner/AppDelegate.m`:

```objectivec
#include "AppDelegate.h"
#include "GeneratedPluginRegistrant.h"
#import "GoogleMaps/GoogleMaps.h"

@implementation AppDelegate

- (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application
    didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions {
  [GMSServices provideAPIKey:@"YOUR KEY HERE"];
  [GeneratedPluginRegistrant registerWithRegistry:self];
  return [super application:application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:launchOptions];
}
@end
```

Or in your swift code, specify your API key in the application delegate `ios/Runner/AppDelegate.swift`:

```swift
import UIKit
import Flutter
import GoogleMaps

@UIApplicationMain
@objc class AppDelegate: FlutterAppDelegate {
  override func application(
    _ application: UIApplication,
    didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?
  ) -> Bool {
    GMSServices.provideAPIKey("YOUR KEY HERE")
    GeneratedPluginRegistrant.register(with: self)
    return super.application(application, didFinishLaunchingWithOptions: launchOptions)
  }
}
```

### Both

You can now add a `GoogleMap` widget to your widget tree.

The map view can be controlled with the `GoogleMapController` that is passed to
the `GoogleMap`'s `onMapCreated` callback.

### Sample Usage

```dart
import 'dart:async';

import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:google_maps_flutter/google_maps_flutter.dart';

void main() => runApp(MyApp());

class MyApp extends StatelessWidget {
  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      title: 'Flutter Google Maps Demo',
      home: MapSample(),
    );
  }
}

class MapSample extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  State<MapSample> createState() => MapSampleState();
}

class MapSampleState extends State<MapSample> {
  Completer<GoogleMapController> _controller = Completer();

  static final CameraPosition _kGooglePlex = CameraPosition(
    target: LatLng(37.42796133580664, -122.085749655962),
    zoom: 14.4746,
  );

  static final CameraPosition _kLake = CameraPosition(
      bearing: 192.8334901395799,
      target: LatLng(37.43296265331129, -122.08832357078792),
      tilt: 59.440717697143555,
      zoom: 19.151926040649414);

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return new Scaffold(
      body: GoogleMap(
        mapType: MapType.hybrid,
        initialCameraPosition: _kGooglePlex,
        onMapCreated: (GoogleMapController controller) {
          _controller.complete(controller);
        },
      ),
      floatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton.extended(
        onPressed: _goToTheLake,
        label: Text('To the lake!'),
        icon: Icon(Icons.directions_boat),
      ),
    );
  }

  Future<void> _goToTheLake() async {
    final GoogleMapController controller = await _controller.future;
    controller.animateCamera(CameraUpdate.newCameraPosition(_kLake));
  }
}
```

See the `example` directory for a complete sample app.
