packages/url_launcher/README.md, before:

# url_launcher

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/url_launcher)

A Flutter plugin for launching a URL in the mobile platform. Supports iOS and Android.

## Usage
To use this plugin, add `url_launcher` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/).

### Example

``` dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:url_launcher/url_launcher.dart';

void main() {
  runApp(new Scaffold(
    body: new Center(
      child: new RaisedButton(
        onPressed: _launchURL,
        child: new Text('Show Flutter homepage'),
      ),
    ),
  ));
}

_launchURL() async {
  const url = 'https://flutter.io';
  if (await canLaunch(url)) {
    await launch(url);
  } else {
    throw 'Could not launch $url';
  }
}

```

## Supported URL schemes

The [`launch`](https://www.dartdocs.org/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/launch.html) method 
takes a string argument containing a URL. This URL
can be formatted using a number of different URL schemes. The supported
URL schemes depend on the underlying platform and installed apps.

Common schemes supported by both iOS and Android:

| Scheme | Action |
|---|---|
| `http:<URL>` , `https:<URL>`, e.g. `http://flutter.io` | Open URL in the default browser |
| `mailto:<email address>?subject=<subject>&body=<body>`, e.g. `mailto:smith@example.org?subject=News&body=New%20plugin` | Create email to <email address> in the default email app |
| `tel:<phone number>`, e.g. `tel:+1 555 010 999` | Make a phone call to <phone number> using the default phone app |
| `sms:<phone number>`, e.g. `sms:5550101234` | Send an SMS message to <phone number> using the default messaging app |

More details can be found here for [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/featuredarticles/iPhoneURLScheme_Reference/Introduction/Introduction.html) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/intents-common.html)

## Handling missing URL receivers

A particular mobile device may not be able to receive all supported URL schemes.
For example, a tablet may not have a cellular radio and thus no support for
launching a URL using the `sms` scheme, or a device may not have an email app
and thus no support for launching a URL using the `email` scheme.

We recommend checking which URL schemes are supported using the
[`canLaunch`](https://www.dartdocs.org/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/canLaunch.html)
method prior to calling `launch`. If the `canLaunch` method returns false, as a
best practice we suggest adjusting the application UI so that the unsupported
URL is never triggered; for example, if the `email` scheme is not supported, a
UI button that would have sent email can be changed to redirect the user to a
web page using a URL following the `http` scheme.

Commit message:

Add options to URLLauncher to use WebView and SafariVC (#276)
* Add option to use default browser on iOS

* Add WebView functionality

* Add tests

* Fix analyzer warnings and docs

packages/url_launcher/README.md, after:

# url_launcher

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/url_launcher)

A Flutter plugin for launching a URL in the mobile platform. Supports iOS and Android.

## Usage
To use this plugin, add `url_launcher` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/).

### Example

``` dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:url_launcher/url_launcher.dart';

void main() {
  runApp(new Scaffold(
    body: new Center(
      child: new RaisedButton(
        onPressed: _launchURL,
        child: new Text('Show Flutter homepage'),
      ),
    ),
  ));
}

_launchURL() async {
  const url = 'https://flutter.io';
  if (await canLaunch(url)) {
    await launch(url);
  } else {
    throw 'Could not launch $url';
  }
}

```

## Supported URL schemes

The [`launch`](https://www.dartdocs.org/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/launch.html) method
takes a string argument containing a URL. This URL
can be formatted using a number of different URL schemes. The supported
URL schemes depend on the underlying platform and installed apps.

Common schemes supported by both iOS and Android:

| Scheme | Action |
|---|---|
| `http:<URL>` , `https:<URL>`, e.g. `http://flutter.io` | Open URL in the default browser |
| `mailto:<email address>?subject=<subject>&body=<body>`, e.g. `mailto:smith@example.org?subject=News&body=New%20plugin` | Create email to <email address> in the default email app |
| `tel:<phone number>`, e.g. `tel:+1 555 010 999` | Make a phone call to <phone number> using the default phone app |
| `sms:<phone number>`, e.g. `sms:5550101234` | Send an SMS message to <phone number> using the default messaging app |

More details can be found here for [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/featuredarticles/iPhoneURLScheme_Reference/Introduction/Introduction.html) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/intents-common.html)

## Handling missing URL receivers

A particular mobile device may not be able to receive all supported URL schemes.
For example, a tablet may not have a cellular radio and thus no support for
launching a URL using the `sms` scheme, or a device may not have an email app
and thus no support for launching a URL using the `email` scheme.

We recommend checking which URL schemes are supported using the
[`canLaunch`](https://www.dartdocs.org/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/canLaunch.html)
method prior to calling `launch`. If the `canLaunch` method returns false, as a
best practice we suggest adjusting the application UI so that the unsupported
URL is never triggered; for example, if the `email` scheme is not supported, a
UI button that would have sent email can be changed to redirect the user to a
web page using a URL following the `http` scheme.

## Browser vs In-app Handling
By default, Android opens up a browser when handling URLs. You can pass
forceWebView: true parameter to tell the plugin to open a WebView instead. On
iOS, the default behavior is to open all web URLs within the app. Everything
else is redirected to the app handler.
