packages/share/README.md, before:

# Share plugin

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/share)

A Flutter plugin to share content from your Flutter app via the platform's
share dialog.

Wraps the ACTION_SEND Intent on Android and UIActivityViewController
on iOS.

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `share` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/using-packages/).

## Example

Import the library.

``` dart
import 'package:share/share.dart';
```

Then invoke the static `share` method anywhere in your Dart code.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com');
```

The `share` method also takes an optional `subject` that will be used when
sharing to email.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com', subject: 'Look what I made!');
```

To share one or multiple files invoke the static `shareFiles` method anywhere in your Dart code. Optionally you can also pass in `text` and `subject`.
``` dart
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image.jpg'], text: 'Great picture');
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image1.jpg', '${directory.path}/image2.jpg']);
```

Commit message:

Point deprecated plugins to Plus versions (#3971)
The Flutter Community Plus Plugins have achieved Flutter Favorite
status, so the Flutter copies will now be turned down. This updates all
the READMEs to announce the deprecation and eventually discontinuing of
the plugins, pointing to the Plus versions.

Part of https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/83277

packages/share/README.md, after:

# Share plugin

---

## Deprecation Notice

This plugin has been replaced by the [Flutter Community Plus
Plugins](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/) version,
[`share_plus`](https://pub.dev/packages/share_plus).
No further updates are planned to this plugin, and we encourage all users to
migrate to the Plus version.

Critical fixes (e.g., for any security incidents) will be provided through the
end of 2021, at which point this package will be marked as discontinued.

---

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/share)

A Flutter plugin to share content from your Flutter app via the platform's
share dialog.

Wraps the ACTION_SEND Intent on Android and UIActivityViewController
on iOS.

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `share` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/using-packages/).

## Example

Import the library.

``` dart
import 'package:share/share.dart';
```

Then invoke the static `share` method anywhere in your Dart code.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com');
```

The `share` method also takes an optional `subject` that will be used when
sharing to email.

``` dart
Share.share('check out my website https://example.com', subject: 'Look what I made!');
```

To share one or multiple files invoke the static `shareFiles` method anywhere in your Dart code. Optionally you can also pass in `text` and `subject`.
``` dart
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image.jpg'], text: 'Great picture');
Share.shareFiles(['${directory.path}/image1.jpg', '${directory.path}/image2.jpg']);
```
