packages/webview_flutter/webview_flutter_wkwebview/README.md, before:

# webview\_flutter\_wkwebview

The Apple WKWebView implementation of [`webview_flutter`][1].

## Usage

This package is [endorsed][2], which means you can simply use `webview_flutter`
normally. This package will be automatically included in your app when you do.

## Contributing

This package uses [pigeon][3] to generate the communication layer between Flutter and the host
platform (iOS). The communication interface is defined in the `pigeons/web_kit.dart`
file. After editing the communication interface regenerate the communication layer by running
`flutter pub run pigeon --input pigeons/web_kit.dart`.

Besides [pigeon][3] this package also uses [mockito][4] to generate mock objects for testing
purposes. To generate the mock objects run the following command:
```bash
flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

If you would like to contribute to the plugin, check out our [contribution guide][5].

[1]: https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter
[2]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/developing-packages#endorsed-federated-plugin
[3]: https://pub.dev/packages/pigeon
[4]: https://pub.dev/packages/mockito
[5]: https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

[webview_flutter_android][webview_flutter_wkwebview] Adds support to retrieve native `WebView` (#7071)
* implementation of the webViewIdentifier field

* change to external classes

* formatting

* update readmes

* iOS

* improve

* hmmmm

* add note about not using other apis

* project changes

* add external api tests to project

* ordering

* fix docs and use id

packages/webview_flutter/webview_flutter_wkwebview/README.md, after:

# webview\_flutter\_wkwebview

The Apple WKWebView implementation of [`webview_flutter`][1].

## Usage

This package is [endorsed][2], which means you can simply use `webview_flutter`
normally. This package will be automatically included in your app when you do.

### External Native API

The plugin also provides a native API accessible by the native code of iOS applications or packages.
This API follows the convention of breaking changes of the Dart API, which means that any changes to
the class that are not backwards compatible will only be made with a major version change of the
plugin. Native code other than this external API does not follow breaking change conventions, so
app or plugin clients should not use any other native APIs.

The API can be accessed by importing the native plugin `webview_flutter_wkwebview`:

Objective-C:

```objectivec
@import webview_flutter_wkwebview;
```

Then you will have access to the native class `FWFWebViewFlutterWKWebViewExternalAPI`.

## Contributing

This package uses [pigeon][3] to generate the communication layer between Flutter and the host
platform (iOS). The communication interface is defined in the `pigeons/web_kit.dart`
file. After editing the communication interface regenerate the communication layer by running
`flutter pub run pigeon --input pigeons/web_kit.dart`.

Besides [pigeon][3] this package also uses [mockito][4] to generate mock objects for testing
purposes. To generate the mock objects run the following command:
```bash
flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

If you would like to contribute to the plugin, check out our [contribution guide][5].

[1]: https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter
[2]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/developing-packages#endorsed-federated-plugin
[3]: https://pub.dev/packages/pigeon
[4]: https://pub.dev/packages/mockito
[5]: https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
