README.md, before:

# Flutter plugins

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flutter/plugins.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/flutter/plugins)

This repo is a companion repo to the main [flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter). It contains the source code for
Flutter first-party plugins. Check the `packages` directory for all plugins.

Flutter plugins enable access to platform-specific APIs. For more information
about plugins, and how to use them, see
[https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/).

These plugins are also available on
[pub](https://pub.dartlang.org/flutter/plugins).

## Plugins
These are the available plugins in this repository. 

| Plugin | Pub |
|--------|-----|
| [android_intent](./packages/android_intent/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/android_intent.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/android_intent) |
| [battery](./packages/battery/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/battery.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/battery) |
| [connectivity](./packages/connectivity/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/connectivity) |
| [device info](./packages/device_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/device_info.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/device_info) |
| [google_sign_in](./packages/google_sign_in/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_sign_in.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/google_sign_in) |
| [image_picker](./packages/image_picker/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/image_picker.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/image_picker) |
| [local_auth](./packages/local_auth/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/local_auth.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/local_auth) |
| [package_info](./packages/package_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/package_info) |
| [path_provider](./packages/path_provider/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/path_provider.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/path_provider) |
| [quick_actions](./packages/quick_actions/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/quick_actions.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/quick_actions) |
| [sensors](./packages/sensors/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/sensors.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/sensors) |
| [share](./packages/share/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/share) |
| [shared_preferences](./packages/shared_preferences/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/shared_preferences.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/shared_preferences) |
| [url_launcher](./packages/url_launcher/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/url_launcher) |
| | |
| **FlutterFire Plugins** |  |
| [firebase_analytics](./packages/firebase_analytics/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_analytics.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_analytics) |
| [firebase_auth](./packages/firebase_auth/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_auth.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_auth) |
| [firebase_database](./packages/firebase_database/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_database.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_database) |
| [firebase_messaging](./packages/firebase_messaging/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_messaging.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_messaging) |
| [firebase_storage](./packages/firebase_storage/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_storage.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_storage) |

Learn more about [FlutterFire](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/FlutterFire.md).

## Issues

Please file any issues, bugs, or feature requests in the main [flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new).

Commit message:

Clarify contribution guidelines for this repo (#205)
* Clarify contribution guidelines for this repo

* Review feedback

README.md, after:

# Flutter plugins

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/flutter/plugins.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/flutter/plugins)

This repo is a companion repo to the main [flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter). It contains the source code for
Flutter first-party plugins (i.e., plugins developed by the core Flutter team).
Check the `packages` directory for all plugins.

Flutter plugins enable access to platform-specific APIs. For more information
about plugins, and how to use them, see
[https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/).

These plugins are also available on
[pub](https://pub.dartlang.org/flutter/plugins).

## Issues

Please file any issues, bugs, or feature requests in the [main flutter
repo](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new).

## Contributing

If you wish to contribute a new plugin to the Flutter ecosystem, please
see the documentation for [developing packages](https://flutter.io/developing-packages/) and
[platform channels](https://flutter.io/platform-channels/). You can store 
your plugin source code in any GitHub repository (the present repo is only
intended for plugins developed by the core Flutter team). Once your plugin
is ready you can [publish](https://flutter.io/developing-packages/#publish)
to the [pub repository](https://pub.dartlang.org/).

If you wish to contribute a change to any of the existing plugins in this repo,
please review our [contribution guide](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md),
and send a [pull request](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls).

## Plugins
These are the available plugins in this repository. 

| Plugin | Pub |
|--------|-----|
| [android_intent](./packages/android_intent/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/android_intent.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/android_intent) |
| [battery](./packages/battery/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/battery.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/battery) |
| [connectivity](./packages/connectivity/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/connectivity.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/connectivity) |
| [device info](./packages/device_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/device_info.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/device_info) |
| [google_sign_in](./packages/google_sign_in/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/google_sign_in.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/google_sign_in) |
| [image_picker](./packages/image_picker/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/image_picker.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/image_picker) |
| [local_auth](./packages/local_auth/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/local_auth.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/local_auth) |
| [package_info](./packages/package_info/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/package_info.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/package_info) |
| [path_provider](./packages/path_provider/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/path_provider.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/path_provider) |
| [quick_actions](./packages/quick_actions/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/quick_actions.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/quick_actions) |
| [sensors](./packages/sensors/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/sensors.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/sensors) |
| [share](./packages/share/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/share.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/share) |
| [shared_preferences](./packages/shared_preferences/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/shared_preferences.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/shared_preferences) |
| [url_launcher](./packages/url_launcher/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/url_launcher) |
| | |
| **FlutterFire Plugins** |  |
| [firebase_analytics](./packages/firebase_analytics/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_analytics.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_analytics) |
| [firebase_auth](./packages/firebase_auth/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_auth.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_auth) |
| [firebase_database](./packages/firebase_database/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_database.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_database) |
| [firebase_messaging](./packages/firebase_messaging/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_messaging.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_messaging) |
| [firebase_storage](./packages/firebase_storage/) | [![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_storage.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_storage) |

Learn more about [FlutterFire](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/FlutterFire.md).
