packages/firebase_dynamic_links/README.md, before:

# Google Dynamic Links for Firebase

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_dynamic_links.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_dynamic_links)

A Flutter plugin to use the [Google Dynamic Links for Firebase API](https://firebase.google.com/docs/dynamic-links/).

With Dynamic Links, your users get the best available experience for the platform they open your link on. If a user opens a Dynamic Link on iOS or Android, they can be taken directly to the linked content in your native app. If a user opens the same Dynamic Link in a desktop browser, they can be taken to the equivalent content on your website.

In addition, Dynamic Links work across app installs: if a user opens a Dynamic Link on iOS or Android and doesn't have your app installed, the user can be prompted to install it; then, after installation, your app starts and can access the link.

For Flutter plugins for other Firebase products, see [FlutterFire.md](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/FlutterFire.md).

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet. [Feedback](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues) and [Pull Requests](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls) are most welcome!

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `firebase_dynamic_links` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/). You must also configure firebase dynamic links for each platform project: Android and iOS (see the example folder or https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/flutter-firebase/#4 for step by step details).

## Create Dynamic Links

You create a Dynamic Link either by using the Firebase console, using a REST API, iOS or Android Builder API, Flutter API, or by forming a URL by adding Dynamic Link parameters to a domain specific to your app. These parameters specify the links you want to open, depending on the user's platform and whether your app is installed.

Below are instructions to create Dynamic Links using Flutter with the Firebase Dynamic Links API. This API accepts either a long Dynamic Link or an object containing Dynamic Link parameters, and returns a URL like the following example:

```
https://example.page.link/WXYZ
```

You can create a Dynamic Link programmatically by setting the following parameters and using the `DynamicLinkParameters.buildUrl()` method.

```dart
final DynamicLinkParameters parameters = DynamicLinkParameters(
  domain: 'abc123.app.goo.gl',
  link: Uri.parse('https://example.com/'),
  androidParameters: AndroidParameters(
      packageName: 'com.example.android',
      minimumVersion: 125,
  ),
  iosParameters: IosParameters(
      bundleId: 'com.example.ios',
      minimumVersion: '1.0.1',
      appStoreId: '123456789',
  ),
  googleAnalyticsParameters: GoogleAnalyticsParameters(
      campaign: 'example-promo',
      medium: 'social',
      source: 'orkut',
  ),
  itunesConnectAnalyticsParameters: ItunesConnectAnalyticsParameters(
    providerToken: '123456',
    campaignToken: 'example-promo',
  ),
  socialMetaTagParameters:  SocialMetaTagParameters(
    title: 'Example of a Dynamic Link',
    description: 'This link works whether app is installed or not!',
  ),
);

final Uri dynamicUrl = await parameters.buildUrl();
```

To create a short Dynamic Link, build `DynamicLinkParameters` the same way, but use the `DynamicLinkParameters.buildShortLink()` method.

```dart
final ShortDynamicLink shortDynamicLink = await parameters.buildShortLink();
final Uri shortUrl = shortDynamicLink.shortUrl;
```

To shorten a long Dynamic Link, use the DynamicLinkParameters.shortenUrl method.

```dart
final ShortDynamicLink shortenedLink = await DynamicLinkParameters.shortenUrl(
  Uri.parse('https://example.page.link/?link=https://example.com/&apn=com.example.android&ibn=com.example.ios'),
  DynamicLinkParametersOptions(ShortDynamicLinkPathLength.unguessable),
);

final Uri shortUrl = shortenedLink.shortUrl;
```

## Handle Received Dynamic Links

You can receive a Dynamic Link containing a deep link that takes the user to specific content within your app:

1. In the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com), open the Dynamic Links section.
  - Accept the terms of service if you are prompted to do so.
  - Take note of your project's Dynamic Links domain, which is displayed at the top of the Dynamic Links page. You need your project's Dynamic Links domain to programmatically create Dynamic Links. A Dynamic Links domain looks like `YOUR_SUBDOMAIN.page.link`.

Receiving dynamic links on *iOS* requires a couple more steps than *Android*. If you only want to receive dynamic links on *Android*, skip to step 4. You can also follow a video on the next two steps [here.](https://youtu.be/sFPo296OQqk?t=2m40s)

2. In the **Info** tab of your *iOS* app's Xcode project:
  - Create a new **URL Type** to be used for Dynamic Links.
  - Set the **Identifier** field to a unique value and the **URL Schemes** field to be your bundle identifier, which is the default URL scheme used by Dynamic Links.

3. In the **Capabilities** tab of your app's Xcode project, enable **Associated Domains** and add the following to the **Associated Domains** list:

```
applinks:YOUR_SUBDOMAIN.page.link
```

4. To receive a dynamic link, call the `retrieveDynamicLink()` method from `FirebaseDynamicLinks`:

```dart
void main() {
  runApp(MaterialApp(
    title: 'Dynamic Links Example',
    routes: <String, WidgetBuilder>{
      '/': (BuildContext context) => MyHomeWidget(), // Default home route
      '/helloworld': (BuildContext context) => MyHelloWorldWidget(),
    },
  ));
}

class MyHomeWidgetState extends State<MyHomeWidget> {
  .
  .
  .
  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
    _retrieveDynamicLink();
  }

  Future<void> _retrieveDynamicLink() async {
    final PendingDynamicLinkData data = await FirebaseDynamicLinks.instance.retrieveDynamicLink();
    final Uri deepLink = data?.link;

    if (deepLink != null) {
      Navigator.pushNamed(context, deepLink.path); // deeplink.path == '/helloworld'
    }
  }
  .
  .
  .
}
```

If your app did not open from a dynamic link, `retrieveDynamicLink()` will return `null`.

## Getting Started

See the `example` directory for a complete sample app using Google Dynamic Links for Firebase.

Commit message:

Updates to dynamic links plugin to remove deprecated API usage and update Android dependencies. (#1571)
* Update Android dependencies to 16.1.8
* Replace domain with uriPrefix

packages/firebase_dynamic_links/README.md, after:

# Google Dynamic Links for Firebase

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/firebase_dynamic_links.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/firebase_dynamic_links)

A Flutter plugin to use the [Google Dynamic Links for Firebase API](https://firebase.google.com/docs/dynamic-links/).

With Dynamic Links, your users get the best available experience for the platform they open your link on. If a user opens a Dynamic Link on iOS or Android, they can be taken directly to the linked content in your native app. If a user opens the same Dynamic Link in a desktop browser, they can be taken to the equivalent content on your website.

In addition, Dynamic Links work across app installs: if a user opens a Dynamic Link on iOS or Android and doesn't have your app installed, the user can be prompted to install it; then, after installation, your app starts and can access the link.

For Flutter plugins for other Firebase products, see [FlutterFire.md](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/FlutterFire.md).

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet. [Feedback](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues) and [Pull Requests](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls) are most welcome!

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `firebase_dynamic_links` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/). You must also configure firebase dynamic links for each platform project: Android and iOS (see the example folder or https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/flutter-firebase/#4 for step by step details).

## Create Dynamic Links

You create a Dynamic Link either by using the Firebase console, using a REST API, iOS or Android Builder API, Flutter API, or by forming a URL by adding Dynamic Link parameters to a URI prefix specific to your app. These parameters specify the links you want to open, depending on the user's platform and whether your app is installed.

Below are instructions to create Dynamic Links using Flutter with the Firebase Dynamic Links API. This API accepts either a long Dynamic Link or an object containing Dynamic Link parameters, and returns a URL like the following example:

```
https://example.page.link/WXYZ
```

You can create a Dynamic Link programmatically by setting the following parameters and using the `DynamicLinkParameters.buildUrl()` method.

```dart
final DynamicLinkParameters parameters = DynamicLinkParameters(
  uriPrefix: 'https://abc123.app.goo.gl',
  link: Uri.parse('https://example.com/'),
  androidParameters: AndroidParameters(
      packageName: 'com.example.android',
      minimumVersion: 125,
  ),
  iosParameters: IosParameters(
      bundleId: 'com.example.ios',
      minimumVersion: '1.0.1',
      appStoreId: '123456789',
  ),
  googleAnalyticsParameters: GoogleAnalyticsParameters(
      campaign: 'example-promo',
      medium: 'social',
      source: 'orkut',
  ),
  itunesConnectAnalyticsParameters: ItunesConnectAnalyticsParameters(
    providerToken: '123456',
    campaignToken: 'example-promo',
  ),
  socialMetaTagParameters:  SocialMetaTagParameters(
    title: 'Example of a Dynamic Link',
    description: 'This link works whether app is installed or not!',
  ),
);

final Uri dynamicUrl = await parameters.buildUrl();
```

To create a short Dynamic Link, build `DynamicLinkParameters` the same way, but use the `DynamicLinkParameters.buildShortLink()` method.

```dart
final ShortDynamicLink shortDynamicLink = await parameters.buildShortLink();
final Uri shortUrl = shortDynamicLink.shortUrl;
```

To shorten a long Dynamic Link, use the DynamicLinkParameters.shortenUrl method.

```dart
final ShortDynamicLink shortenedLink = await DynamicLinkParameters.shortenUrl(
  Uri.parse('https://example.page.link/?link=https://example.com/&apn=com.example.android&ibn=com.example.ios'),
  DynamicLinkParametersOptions(ShortDynamicLinkPathLength.unguessable),
);

final Uri shortUrl = shortenedLink.shortUrl;
```

## Handle Received Dynamic Links

You can receive a Dynamic Link containing a deep link that takes the user to specific content within your app:

1. In the [Firebase Console](https://console.firebase.google.com), open the Dynamic Links section.
  - Accept the terms of service if you are prompted to do so.
  - Take note of your project's Dynamic Links URL prefix, which is displayed at the top of the Dynamic Links page. You need your project's Dynamic Links URL prefix to programmatically create Dynamic Links. A Dynamic Links URL prefix looks like `https://YOUR_SUBDOMAIN.page.link`.

Receiving dynamic links on *iOS* requires a couple more steps than *Android*. If you only want to receive dynamic links on *Android*, skip to step 4. You can also follow a video on the next two steps [here.](https://youtu.be/sFPo296OQqk?t=2m40s)

2. In the **Info** tab of your *iOS* app's Xcode project:
  - Create a new **URL Type** to be used for Dynamic Links.
  - Set the **Identifier** field to a unique value and the **URL Schemes** field to be your bundle identifier, which is the default URL scheme used by Dynamic Links.

3. In the **Capabilities** tab of your app's Xcode project, enable **Associated Domains** and add the following to the **Associated Domains** list:

```
applinks:YOUR_SUBDOMAIN.page.link
```

4. To receive a dynamic link, call the `retrieveDynamicLink()` method from `FirebaseDynamicLinks`:

```dart
void main() {
  runApp(MaterialApp(
    title: 'Dynamic Links Example',
    routes: <String, WidgetBuilder>{
      '/': (BuildContext context) => MyHomeWidget(), // Default home route
      '/helloworld': (BuildContext context) => MyHelloWorldWidget(),
    },
  ));
}

class MyHomeWidgetState extends State<MyHomeWidget> {
  .
  .
  .
  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
    _retrieveDynamicLink();
  }

  Future<void> _retrieveDynamicLink() async {
    final PendingDynamicLinkData data = await FirebaseDynamicLinks.instance.retrieveDynamicLink();
    final Uri deepLink = data?.link;

    if (deepLink != null) {
      Navigator.pushNamed(context, deepLink.path); // deeplink.path == '/helloworld'
    }
  }
  .
  .
  .
}
```

If your app did not open from a dynamic link, `retrieveDynamicLink()` will return `null`.

## Getting Started

See the `example` directory for a complete sample app using Google Dynamic Links for Firebase.
