packages/video_player/README.md, before:

# Video Player plugin for Flutter

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/video_player.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/video_player)

A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android for playing back video on a Widget surface.

![The example app running in iOS](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/packages/video_player/doc/demo_ipod.gif?raw=true)

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet.
[Feedback welcome](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues) and
[Pull Requests](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls) are most welcome!

## Installation

First, add `video_player` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/using-packages/).

### iOS

Add the following entry to your _Info.plist_ file, located in `<project root>/ios/Runner/Info.plist`:

```xml
<key>NSAppTransportSecurity</key>
<dict>
  <key>NSAllowsArbitraryLoads</key>
  <true/>
</dict>
```

This entry allows your app to access video files by URL.

### Android

Ensure the following permission is present in your Android Manifest file, located in `<project root>/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml:

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
```

The Flutter project template adds it, so it may already be there.

### Example

```dart
import 'package:video_player/video_player.dart';
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';

void main() => runApp(VideoApp());

class VideoApp extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  _VideoAppState createState() => _VideoAppState();
}

class _VideoAppState extends State<VideoApp> {
  VideoPlayerController _controller;
  bool _isPlaying = false;

  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
    _controller = VideoPlayerController.network(
      'http://www.sample-videos.com/video/mp4/720/big_buck_bunny_720p_20mb.mp4',
    )
      ..addListener(() {
        final bool isPlaying = _controller.value.isPlaying;
        if (isPlaying != _isPlaying) {
          setState(() {
            _isPlaying = isPlaying;
          });
        }
      })
      ..initialize().then((_) {
        // Ensure the first frame is shown after the video is initialized, even before the play button has been pressed.
        setState(() {});
      });
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      title: 'Video Demo',
      home: Scaffold(
        body: Center(
          child: _controller.value.initialized
              ? AspectRatio(
                  aspectRatio: _controller.value.aspectRatio,
                  child: VideoPlayer(_controller),
                )
              : Container(),
        ),
        floatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(
          onPressed: _controller.value.isPlaying
              ? _controller.pause
              : _controller.play,
          child: Icon(
            _controller.value.isPlaying ? Icons.pause : Icons.play_arrow,
          ),
        ),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Add a note clarifying that the video player is not functional on iOS simulator. (#608)

packages/video_player/README.md, after:

# Video Player plugin for Flutter

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/video_player.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/video_player)

A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android for playing back video on a Widget surface.

![The example app running in iOS](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/master/packages/video_player/doc/demo_ipod.gif?raw=true)

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet.
[Feedback welcome](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues) and
[Pull Requests](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls) are most welcome!

## Installation

First, add `video_player` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/using-packages/).

### iOS

Warning: The video player is not functional on iOS simulators. An iOS device must be used during development/testing.

Add the following entry to your _Info.plist_ file, located in `<project root>/ios/Runner/Info.plist`:

```xml
<key>NSAppTransportSecurity</key>
<dict>
  <key>NSAllowsArbitraryLoads</key>
  <true/>
</dict>
```

This entry allows your app to access video files by URL.

### Android

Ensure the following permission is present in your Android Manifest file, located in `<project root>/android/app/src/main/AndroidManifest.xml:

```xml
<uses-permission android:name="android.permission.INTERNET"/>
```

The Flutter project template adds it, so it may already be there.

### Example

```dart
import 'package:video_player/video_player.dart';
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';

void main() => runApp(VideoApp());

class VideoApp extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  _VideoAppState createState() => _VideoAppState();
}

class _VideoAppState extends State<VideoApp> {
  VideoPlayerController _controller;
  bool _isPlaying = false;

  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
    _controller = VideoPlayerController.network(
      'http://www.sample-videos.com/video/mp4/720/big_buck_bunny_720p_20mb.mp4',
    )
      ..addListener(() {
        final bool isPlaying = _controller.value.isPlaying;
        if (isPlaying != _isPlaying) {
          setState(() {
            _isPlaying = isPlaying;
          });
        }
      })
      ..initialize().then((_) {
        // Ensure the first frame is shown after the video is initialized, even before the play button has been pressed.
        setState(() {});
      });
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return MaterialApp(
      title: 'Video Demo',
      home: Scaffold(
        body: Center(
          child: _controller.value.initialized
              ? AspectRatio(
                  aspectRatio: _controller.value.aspectRatio,
                  child: VideoPlayer(_controller),
                )
              : Container(),
        ),
        floatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(
          onPressed: _controller.value.isPlaying
              ? _controller.pause
              : _controller.play,
          child: Icon(
            _controller.value.isPlaying ? Icons.pause : Icons.play_arrow,
          ),
        ),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```
