packages/webview_flutter/webview_flutter_android/README.md, before:

# webview\_flutter\_android

The Android implementation of [`webview_flutter`][1].

## Usage

This package is [endorsed][2], which means you can simply use `webview_flutter`
normally. This package will be automatically included in your app when you do.

## Display Mode

This plugin supports two different platform view display modes. The default display mode is subject
to change in the future, and will not be considered a breaking change, so if you want to ensure a
specific mode, you can set it explicitly.

### Texture Layer Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions >=23. This is a new display mode used by most
plugins starting with Flutter 3.0. This is more performant than Hybrid Composition, but has some
limitations from using an Android [SurfaceTexture](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/graphics/SurfaceTexture).
See:
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/104889
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/116954

### Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions <23. It ensures that the WebView will display and work
as expected, at the cost of some performance. See:
* https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-views#performance

This can be configured for versions >=23 with
`AndroidWebViewWidgetCreationParams.displayWithHybridComposition`. See https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter#platform-specific-features
for more details on setting platform-specific features in the main plugin.

## Contributing

This package uses [pigeon][3] to generate the communication layer between Flutter and the host
platform (Android). The communication interface is defined in the `pigeons/android_webview.dart`
file. After editing the communication interface regenerate the communication layer by running
`flutter pub run pigeon --input pigeons/android_webview.dart`.

Besides [pigeon][3] this package also uses [mockito][4] to generate mock objects for testing
purposes. To generate the mock objects run the following command:
```bash
flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

If you would like to contribute to the plugin, check out our [contribution guide][5].

[1]: https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter
[2]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/developing-packages#endorsed-federated-plugin
[3]: https://pub.dev/packages/pigeon
[4]: https://pub.dev/packages/mockito
[5]: https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit message:

[webview_flutter_android][webview_flutter_wkwebview] Adds support to retrieve native `WebView` (#7071)
* implementation of the webViewIdentifier field

* change to external classes

* formatting

* update readmes

* iOS

* improve

* hmmmm

* add note about not using other apis

* project changes

* add external api tests to project

* ordering

* fix docs and use id

packages/webview_flutter/webview_flutter_android/README.md, after:

# webview\_flutter\_android

The Android implementation of [`webview_flutter`][1].

## Usage

This package is [endorsed][2], which means you can simply use `webview_flutter`
normally. This package will be automatically included in your app when you do.

## Display Mode

This plugin supports two different platform view display modes. The default display mode is subject
to change in the future, and will not be considered a breaking change, so if you want to ensure a
specific mode, you can set it explicitly.

### Texture Layer Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions >=23. This is a new display mode used by most
plugins starting with Flutter 3.0. This is more performant than Hybrid Composition, but has some
limitations from using an Android [SurfaceTexture](https://developer.android.com/reference/android/graphics/SurfaceTexture).
See:
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/104889
* https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/116954

### Hybrid Composition

This is the current default mode for versions <23. It ensures that the WebView will display and work
as expected, at the cost of some performance. See:
* https://flutter.dev/docs/development/platform-integration/platform-views#performance

This can be configured for versions >=23 with
`AndroidWebViewWidgetCreationParams.displayWithHybridComposition`. See https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter#platform-specific-features
for more details on setting platform-specific features in the main plugin.

### External Native API

The plugin also provides a native API accessible by the native code of Android applications or
packages. This API follows the convention of breaking changes of the Dart API, which means that any
changes to the class that are not backwards compatible will only be made with a major version change
of the plugin. Native code other than this external API does not follow breaking change conventions,
so app or plugin clients should not use any other native APIs.

The API can be accessed by importing the native class `WebViewFlutterAndroidExternalApi`:

Java:

```java
import io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.WebViewFlutterAndroidExternalApi;
```

## Contributing

This package uses [pigeon][3] to generate the communication layer between Flutter and the host
platform (Android). The communication interface is defined in the `pigeons/android_webview.dart`
file. After editing the communication interface regenerate the communication layer by running
`flutter pub run pigeon --input pigeons/android_webview.dart`.

Besides [pigeon][3] this package also uses [mockito][4] to generate mock objects for testing
purposes. To generate the mock objects run the following command:
```bash
flutter pub run build_runner build --delete-conflicting-outputs
```

If you would like to contribute to the plugin, check out our [contribution guide][5].

[1]: https://pub.dev/packages/webview_flutter
[2]: https://flutter.dev/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/developing-packages#endorsed-federated-plugin
[3]: https://pub.dev/packages/pigeon
[4]: https://pub.dev/packages/mockito
[5]: https://github.com/flutter/plugins/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
