packages/file_selector/file_selector/README.md, before:

# file_selector

<?code-excerpt path-base="excerpts/packages/file_selector_example"?>

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/file_selector.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/file_selector)

A Flutter plugin that manages files and interactions with file dialogs.

|             | macOS  | Web | Windows     |
|-------------|--------|-----|-------------|
| **Support** | 10.11+ | Any | Windows 10+ |

## Usage
To use this plugin, add `file_selector` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/).

### macOS

You will need to [add an entitlement][entitlement] for either read-only access:
```xml
  <key>com.apple.security.files.user-selected.read-only</key>
  <true/>
```
or read/write access:
```xml
  <key>com.apple.security.files.user-selected.read-write</key>
  <true/>
```
depending on your use case.

### Examples
Here are small examples that show you how to use the API.
Please also take a look at our [example][example] app.

#### Open a single file
<?code-excerpt "open_image_page.dart (SingleOpen)"?>
``` dart
final XTypeGroup typeGroup = XTypeGroup(
  label: 'images',
  extensions: <String>['jpg', 'png'],
);
final XFile? file =
    await openFile(acceptedTypeGroups: <XTypeGroup>[typeGroup]);
```

#### Open multiple files at once
<?code-excerpt "open_multiple_images_page.dart (MultiOpen)"?>
``` dart
final XTypeGroup jpgsTypeGroup = XTypeGroup(
  label: 'JPEGs',
  extensions: <String>['jpg', 'jpeg'],
);
final XTypeGroup pngTypeGroup = XTypeGroup(
  label: 'PNGs',
  extensions: <String>['png'],
);
final List<XFile> files = await openFiles(acceptedTypeGroups: <XTypeGroup>[
  jpgsTypeGroup,
  pngTypeGroup,
]);
```

#### Saving a file
<?code-excerpt "readme_standalone_excerpts.dart (Save)"?>
```dart
const String fileName = 'suggested_name.txt';
final String? path = await getSavePath(suggestedName: fileName);
if (path == null) {
  // Operation was canceled by the user.
  return;
}

final Uint8List fileData = Uint8List.fromList('Hello World!'.codeUnits);
const String mimeType = 'text/plain';
final XFile textFile =
    XFile.fromData(fileData, mimeType: mimeType, name: fileName);
await textFile.saveTo(path);
```

[example]:./example
[entitlement]: https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop#entitlements-and-the-app-sandbox

Commit message:

[file_selector] Enable ArgumentErrors for type groups (#6126)

packages/file_selector/file_selector/README.md, after:

# file_selector

<?code-excerpt path-base="excerpts/packages/file_selector_example"?>

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/file_selector.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/file_selector)

A Flutter plugin that manages files and interactions with file dialogs.

|             | macOS  | Web | Windows     |
|-------------|--------|-----|-------------|
| **Support** | 10.11+ | Any | Windows 10+ |

## Usage
To use this plugin, add `file_selector` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/).

### macOS

You will need to [add an entitlement][entitlement] for either read-only access:
```xml
  <key>com.apple.security.files.user-selected.read-only</key>
  <true/>
```
or read/write access:
```xml
  <key>com.apple.security.files.user-selected.read-write</key>
  <true/>
```
depending on your use case.

### Examples
Here are small examples that show you how to use the API.
Please also take a look at our [example][example] app.

#### Open a single file
<?code-excerpt "open_image_page.dart (SingleOpen)"?>
``` dart
final XTypeGroup typeGroup = XTypeGroup(
  label: 'images',
  extensions: <String>['jpg', 'png'],
);
final XFile? file =
    await openFile(acceptedTypeGroups: <XTypeGroup>[typeGroup]);
```

#### Open multiple files at once
<?code-excerpt "open_multiple_images_page.dart (MultiOpen)"?>
``` dart
final XTypeGroup jpgsTypeGroup = XTypeGroup(
  label: 'JPEGs',
  extensions: <String>['jpg', 'jpeg'],
);
final XTypeGroup pngTypeGroup = XTypeGroup(
  label: 'PNGs',
  extensions: <String>['png'],
);
final List<XFile> files = await openFiles(acceptedTypeGroups: <XTypeGroup>[
  jpgsTypeGroup,
  pngTypeGroup,
]);
```

#### Saving a file
<?code-excerpt "readme_standalone_excerpts.dart (Save)"?>
```dart
const String fileName = 'suggested_name.txt';
final String? path = await getSavePath(suggestedName: fileName);
if (path == null) {
  // Operation was canceled by the user.
  return;
}

final Uint8List fileData = Uint8List.fromList('Hello World!'.codeUnits);
const String mimeType = 'text/plain';
final XFile textFile =
    XFile.fromData(fileData, mimeType: mimeType, name: fileName);
await textFile.saveTo(path);
```

### Filtering by file types

Different platforms support different type group filter options. To avoid
`ArgumentError`s on some platforms, ensure that any `XTypeGroup`s you pass set
filters that cover all platforms you are targeting, or that you conditionally
pass different `XTypeGroup`s based on `Platform`.

|                | macOS  | Web | Windows     |
|----------------|--------|-----|-------------|
| `extensions`   | ✔️      | ✔️   | ✔️           |
| `mimeTypes`    | ✔️†     | ✔️   |             |
| `macUTIs`      | ✔️      |     |             |
| `webWildCards` |        | ✔️   |             |

† `mimeTypes` are not supported on version of macOS earlier than 11 (Big Sur).

[example]:./example
[entitlement]: https://docs.flutter.dev/desktop#entitlements-and-the-app-sandbox
