packages/location_background/README.md, before:

# Flutter Background Execution Sample - LocationBackgroundPlugin

An example Flutter plugin that showcases background execution using iOS location services.

## Getting Started

**_NOTE: This plugin does not currently have an Android implementation._**

To import, add the following to your Dart file:

```dart
import 'package:location_background/location_background.dart';
```

Example usage:

```dart
import 'package:location_background/location_background.dart';

final locationManager = LocationBackgroundPlugin();

void locationUpdateCallback(Location location) {
  print('Location Update: $location');
}

Future<void> startMonitoringLocationChanges() =>
    locationManager.monitorSignificantLocationChanges(locationUpdateCallback);
    
Future<void> stopMonitoringLocationChanges() =>
    locationManager.cancelLocationUpdates();
```

**WARNING:** do not maintain volatile state or perform long running operations in the location update callback. There is no guarantee from the system for how long a process can perform background processing after a location update, and the Dart isolate may shutdown during execution at the request of the system.

For help getting started with Flutter, view our online
[documentation](https://flutter.io/).

For help on editing plugin code, view the [documentation](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/#edit-code).

Commit message:

Final release of the location_background plugin. (#1901)
* Update README

packages/location_background/README.md, after:

# Flutter Background Execution Sample - LocationBackgroundPlugin

An example Flutter plugin that showcases background execution using iOS location services.

**This plugin is not being actively maintained and is not for production use.** An [archive](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/af86b9db204d4fee2d0eeabb2325007ec5f20424/packages/location_background) of previous versions can be found in the Flutter plugins repository.

## Getting Started

**_NOTE: This plugin does not currently have an Android implementation._**

To import, add the following to your Dart file:

```dart
import 'package:location_background/location_background.dart';
```

Example usage:

```dart
import 'package:location_background/location_background.dart';

final locationManager = LocationBackgroundPlugin();

void locationUpdateCallback(Location location) {
  print('Location Update: $location');
}

Future<void> startMonitoringLocationChanges() =>
    locationManager.monitorSignificantLocationChanges(locationUpdateCallback);
    
Future<void> stopMonitoringLocationChanges() =>
    locationManager.cancelLocationUpdates();
```

**WARNING:** do not maintain volatile state or perform long running operations in the location update callback. There is no guarantee from the system for how long a process can perform background processing after a location update, and the Dart isolate may shutdown during execution at the request of the system.

For help getting started with Flutter, view our online
[documentation](https://flutter.io/).

For help on editing plugin code, view the [documentation](https://flutter.io/platform-plugins/#edit-code).
