packages/camera/README.md, before:

# Camera Plugin

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/camera.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/camera)

A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android allowing access to the device cameras.

## Features:

* Display live camera preview in a widget.
* Snapshots can be captured and saved to a file.
* Record video.
* Add access to the image stream from Dart.

## Installation

First, add `camera` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/using-packages/).

### iOS

Add two rows to the `ios/Runner/Info.plist`:

* one with the key `Privacy - Camera Usage Description` and a usage description.
* and one with the key `Privacy - Microphone Usage Description` and a usage description.

Or in text format add the key:

```xml
<key>NSCameraUsageDescription</key>
<string>Can I use the camera please?</string>
<key>NSMicrophoneUsageDescription</key>
<string>Can I use the mic please?</string>
```

### Android

Change the minimum Android sdk version to 21 (or higher) in your `android/app/build.gradle` file.

```
minSdkVersion 21
```

### Example

Here is a small example flutter app displaying a full screen camera preview.

```dart
import 'dart:async';
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:camera/camera.dart';

List<CameraDescription> cameras;

Future<void> main() async {
  cameras = await availableCameras();
  runApp(CameraApp());
}

class CameraApp extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  _CameraAppState createState() => _CameraAppState();
}

class _CameraAppState extends State<CameraApp> {
  CameraController controller;

  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
    controller = CameraController(cameras[0], ResolutionPreset.medium);
    controller.initialize().then((_) {
      if (!mounted) {
        return;
      }
      setState(() {});
    });
  }

  @override
  void dispose() {
    controller?.dispose();
    super.dispose();
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    if (!controller.value.isInitialized) {
      return Container();
    }
    return AspectRatio(
        aspectRatio:
        controller.value.aspectRatio,
        child: CameraPreview(controller));
  }
}
```

For a more elaborate usage example see [here](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/camera/example).

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet.
[Feedback welcome](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues) and
[Pull Requests](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls) are most welcome!

Commit message:

[camera] Dart Interface for camera refactor (#1832)

packages/camera/README.md, after:

# Camera Plugin

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/camera.svg)](https://pub.dartlang.org/packages/camera)

A Flutter plugin for iOS and Android allowing access to the device cameras.

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet. We are working on a refactor which can be followed here: [issue](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/31225)

## Features:

* Display live camera preview in a widget.
* Snapshots can be captured and saved to a file.
* Record video.
* Add access to the image stream from Dart.

## Installation

First, add `camera` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.io/using-packages/).

### iOS

Add two rows to the `ios/Runner/Info.plist`:

* one with the key `Privacy - Camera Usage Description` and a usage description.
* and one with the key `Privacy - Microphone Usage Description` and a usage description.

Or in text format add the key:

```xml
<key>NSCameraUsageDescription</key>
<string>Can I use the camera please?</string>
<key>NSMicrophoneUsageDescription</key>
<string>Can I use the mic please?</string>
```

### Android

Change the minimum Android sdk version to 21 (or higher) in your `android/app/build.gradle` file.

```
minSdkVersion 21
```

### Example

Here is a small example flutter app displaying a full screen camera preview.

```dart
import 'dart:async';
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:camera/camera.dart';

List<CameraDescription> cameras;

Future<void> main() async {
  cameras = await availableCameras();
  runApp(CameraApp());
}

class CameraApp extends StatefulWidget {
  @override
  _CameraAppState createState() => _CameraAppState();
}

class _CameraAppState extends State<CameraApp> {
  CameraController controller;

  @override
  void initState() {
    super.initState();
    controller = CameraController(cameras[0], ResolutionPreset.medium);
    controller.initialize().then((_) {
      if (!mounted) {
        return;
      }
      setState(() {});
    });
  }

  @override
  void dispose() {
    controller?.dispose();
    super.dispose();
  }

  @override
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    if (!controller.value.isInitialized) {
      return Container();
    }
    return AspectRatio(
        aspectRatio:
        controller.value.aspectRatio,
        child: CameraPreview(controller));
  }
}
```

For a more elaborate usage example see [here](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/tree/master/packages/camera/example).

*Note*: This plugin is still under development, and some APIs might not be available yet.
[Feedback welcome](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues) and
[Pull Requests](https://github.com/flutter/plugins/pulls) are most welcome!
