packages/url_launcher/url_launcher/README.md, before:

# url_launcher

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher)

A Flutter plugin for launching a URL. Supports
iOS, Android, web, Windows, macOS, and Linux.

## Usage
To use this plugin, add `url_launcher` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/).

## Installation

### iOS
Add any URL schemes passed to `canLaunch` as `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes` entries in your Info.plist file.

Example:
```
<key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
<array>
  <string>https</string>
  <string>http</string>
</array>
```

See [`-[UIApplication canOpenURL:]`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1622952-canopenurl) for more details.

### Example

``` dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:url_launcher/url_launcher.dart';

const _url = 'https://flutter.dev';

void main() => runApp(
      const MaterialApp(
        home: Material(
          child: Center(
            child: RaisedButton(
              onPressed: _launchURL,
              child: Text('Show Flutter homepage'),
            ),
          ),
        ),
      ),
    );

void _launchURL() async =>
    await canLaunch(_url) ? await launch(_url) : throw 'Could not launch $_url';
```

### Android

Starting from API 30 Android requires package visibility configuration in your
`AndroidManifest.xml` otherwise `canLaunch` will return `false`. A `<queries>`
element must be added to your manifest as a child of the root element.

The snippet below shows an example for an application that uses `https`, `tel`,
and `mailto` URLs with `url_launcher`. See
[the Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/package-visibility/use-cases)
for examples of other queries.

``` xml
<queries>
  <!-- If your app opens https URLs -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
    <data android:scheme="https" />
  </intent>
  <!-- If your app makes calls -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.DIAL" />
    <data android:scheme="tel" />
  </intent>
  <!-- If your sends SMS messages -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.SENDTO" />
    <data android:scheme="smsto" />
  </intent>
  <!-- If your app sends emails -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.SEND" />
    <data android:mimeType="*/*" />
  </intent>
</queries>
```

## Supported URL schemes

The [`launch`](https://pub.dev/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/launch.html) method
takes a string argument containing a URL. This URL
can be formatted using a number of different URL schemes. The supported
URL schemes depend on the underlying platform and installed apps.

Common schemes supported by both iOS and Android:

| Scheme | Action |
|---|---|
| `http:<URL>` , `https:<URL>`, e.g. `http://flutter.dev` | Open URL in the default browser |
| `mailto:<email address>?subject=<subject>&body=<body>`, e.g. `mailto:smith@example.org?subject=News&body=New%20plugin` | Create email to <email address> in the default email app |
| `tel:<phone number>`, e.g. `tel:+1 555 010 999` | Make a phone call to <phone number> using the default phone app |
| `sms:<phone number>`, e.g. `sms:5550101234` | Send an SMS message to <phone number> using the default messaging app |

More details can be found here for [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/featuredarticles/iPhoneURLScheme_Reference/Introduction/Introduction.html) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/intents-common.html)

**Note**: URL schemes are only supported if there are apps installed on the device that can
support them. For example, iOS simulators don't have a default email or phone
apps installed, so can't open `tel:` or `mailto:` links.

### Encoding URLs

URLs must be properly encoded, especially when including spaces or other special
characters. This can be done using the
[`Uri` class](https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.7.1/dart-core/Uri-class.html).
For example:
```dart
String? encodeQueryParameters(Map<String, String> params) {
  return params.entries
      .map((e) => '${Uri.encodeComponent(e.key)}=${Uri.encodeComponent(e.value)}')
      .join('&');
}

final Uri emailLaunchUri = Uri(
  scheme: 'mailto',
  path: 'smith@example.com',
  query: encodeQueryParameters(<String, String>{
    'subject': 'Example Subject & Symbols are allowed!'
  }),
);

launch(emailLaunchUri.toString());
```

**Warning**: For any scheme other than `http` or `https`, you should use the
`query` parameter and the `encodeQueryParameters` function shown above rather
than `Uri`'s `queryParameters` constructor argument, due to
[a bug](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/43838) in the way `Uri`
encodes query parameters. Using `queryParameters` will result in spaces being
converted to `+` in many cases.

## Handling missing URL receivers

A particular mobile device may not be able to receive all supported URL schemes.
For example, a tablet may not have a cellular radio and thus no support for
launching a URL using the `sms` scheme, or a device may not have an email app
and thus no support for launching a URL using the `email` scheme.

We recommend checking which URL schemes are supported using the
[`canLaunch`](https://pub.dev/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/canLaunch.html)
method prior to calling `launch`. If the `canLaunch` method returns false, as a
best practice we suggest adjusting the application UI so that the unsupported
URL is never triggered; for example, if the `email` scheme is not supported, a
UI button that would have sent email can be changed to redirect the user to a
web page using a URL following the `http` scheme.

## Browser vs In-app Handling
By default, Android opens up a browser when handling URLs. You can pass
`forceWebView: true` parameter to tell the plugin to open a WebView instead.
If you do this for a URL of a page containing JavaScript, make sure to pass in
`enableJavaScript: true`, or else the launch method will not work properly. On
iOS, the default behavior is to open all web URLs within the app. Everything
else is redirected to the app handler.

Commit message:

[url_launcher] Improve README and example (#4529)
Fixes the README and example to properly demonstrate using `canLaunch`
to adjust UI, rather than as a direct wrapper around `launch` (which
serves no useful purpose given that `launch` can already return
failure).

Also makes some minor organizational improvements to the README (e.g.,
fixing the fact that the discussions of iOS and Android configuration
were separated by the inline example for some reason).

packages/url_launcher/url_launcher/README.md, after:

# url_launcher

[![pub package](https://img.shields.io/pub/v/url_launcher.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/url_launcher)

A Flutter plugin for launching a URL. Supports
iOS, Android, web, Windows, macOS, and Linux.

## Usage

To use this plugin, add `url_launcher` as a [dependency in your pubspec.yaml file](https://flutter.dev/platform-plugins/).

### Example

``` dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:url_launcher/url_launcher.dart';

const String _url = 'https://flutter.dev';

void main() => runApp(
      const MaterialApp(
        home: Material(
          child: Center(
            child: RaisedButton(
              onPressed: _launchURL,
              child: Text('Show Flutter homepage'),
            ),
          ),
        ),
      ),
    );

void _launchURL() async {
  if (!await launch(_url)) throw 'Could not launch $_url';
}
```

See the example app for more complex examples.

## Configuration

### iOS
Add any URL schemes passed to `canLaunch` as `LSApplicationQueriesSchemes` entries in your Info.plist file.

Example:
```
<key>LSApplicationQueriesSchemes</key>
<array>
  <string>https</string>
  <string>http</string>
</array>
```

See [`-[UIApplication canOpenURL:]`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiapplication/1622952-canopenurl) for more details.

### Android

Starting from API 30 Android requires package visibility configuration in your
`AndroidManifest.xml` otherwise `canLaunch` will return `false`. A `<queries>`
element must be added to your manifest as a child of the root element.

The snippet below shows an example for an application that uses `https`, `tel`,
and `mailto` URLs with `url_launcher`. See
[the Android documentation](https://developer.android.com/training/package-visibility/use-cases)
for examples of other queries.

``` xml
<queries>
  <!-- If your app opens https URLs -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
    <data android:scheme="https" />
  </intent>
  <!-- If your app makes calls -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.DIAL" />
    <data android:scheme="tel" />
  </intent>
  <!-- If your sends SMS messages -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.SENDTO" />
    <data android:scheme="smsto" />
  </intent>
  <!-- If your app sends emails -->
  <intent>
    <action android:name="android.intent.action.SEND" />
    <data android:mimeType="*/*" />
  </intent>
</queries>
```

## Supported URL schemes

The [`launch`](https://pub.dev/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/launch.html) method
takes a string argument containing a URL. This URL
can be formatted using a number of different URL schemes. The supported
URL schemes depend on the underlying platform and installed apps.

Common schemes supported by both iOS and Android:

| Scheme | Action |
|---|---|
| `http:<URL>` , `https:<URL>`, e.g. `http://flutter.dev` | Open URL in the default browser |
| `mailto:<email address>?subject=<subject>&body=<body>`, e.g. `mailto:smith@example.org?subject=News&body=New%20plugin` | Create email to <email address> in the default email app |
| `tel:<phone number>`, e.g. `tel:+1 555 010 999` | Make a phone call to <phone number> using the default phone app |
| `sms:<phone number>`, e.g. `sms:5550101234` | Send an SMS message to <phone number> using the default messaging app |

More details can be found here for [iOS](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/featuredarticles/iPhoneURLScheme_Reference/Introduction/Introduction.html) and [Android](https://developer.android.com/guide/components/intents-common.html)

**Note**: URL schemes are only supported if there are apps installed on the device that can
support them. For example, iOS simulators don't have a default email or phone
apps installed, so can't open `tel:` or `mailto:` links.

### Encoding URLs

URLs must be properly encoded, especially when including spaces or other special
characters. This can be done using the
[`Uri` class](https://api.dart.dev/stable/2.7.1/dart-core/Uri-class.html).
For example:
```dart
String? encodeQueryParameters(Map<String, String> params) {
  return params.entries
      .map((e) => '${Uri.encodeComponent(e.key)}=${Uri.encodeComponent(e.value)}')
      .join('&');
}

final Uri emailLaunchUri = Uri(
  scheme: 'mailto',
  path: 'smith@example.com',
  query: encodeQueryParameters(<String, String>{
    'subject': 'Example Subject & Symbols are allowed!'
  }),
);

launch(emailLaunchUri.toString());
```

**Warning**: For any scheme other than `http` or `https`, you should use the
`query` parameter and the `encodeQueryParameters` function shown above rather
than `Uri`'s `queryParameters` constructor argument, due to
[a bug](https://github.com/dart-lang/sdk/issues/43838) in the way `Uri`
encodes query parameters. Using `queryParameters` will result in spaces being
converted to `+` in many cases.

### Handling missing URL receivers

A particular mobile device may not be able to receive all supported URL schemes.
For example, a tablet may not have a cellular radio and thus no support for
launching a URL using the `sms` scheme, or a device may not have an email app
and thus no support for launching a URL using the `mailto` scheme.

We recommend checking which URL schemes are supported using the
[`canLaunch`](https://pub.dev/documentation/url_launcher/latest/url_launcher/canLaunch.html)
in most cases. If the `canLaunch` method returns false, as a
best practice we suggest adjusting the application UI so that the unsupported
URL is never triggered; for example, if the `mailto` scheme is not supported, a
UI button that would have sent feedback email could be changed to instead open
a web-based feedback form using an `https` URL.

## Browser vs In-app Handling
By default, Android opens up a browser when handling URLs. You can pass
`forceWebView: true` parameter to tell the plugin to open a WebView instead.
If you do this for a URL of a page containing JavaScript, make sure to pass in
`enableJavaScript: true`, or else the launch method will not work properly. On
iOS, the default behavior is to open all web URLs within the app. Everything
else is redirected to the app handler.
