packages/package_info/README.md, before:

# PackageInfo

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an
application package.

# Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info/package_info.dart';

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

Or in async mode:

```dart
PackageInfo.fromPlatform().then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});
```

## Known Issue

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`.
Clean the Xcode build folder with:
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`.

## Issues and feedback

Please file [issues](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new) to send feedback or report a bug. Thank you!

Commit message:

Point deprecated plugins to Plus versions (#3971)
The Flutter Community Plus Plugins have achieved Flutter Favorite
status, so the Flutter copies will now be turned down. This updates all
the READMEs to announce the deprecation and eventually discontinuing of
the plugins, pointing to the Plus versions.

Part of https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/83277

packages/package_info/README.md, after:

# PackageInfo

---

## Deprecation Notice

This plugin has been replaced by the [Flutter Community Plus
Plugins](https://plus.fluttercommunity.dev/) version,
[`package_info_plus`](https://pub.dev/packages/package_info_plus).
No further updates are planned to this plugin, and we encourage all users to
migrate to the Plus version.

Critical fixes (e.g., for any security incidents) will be provided through the
end of 2021, at which point this package will be marked as discontinued.

---

This Flutter plugin provides an API for querying information about an
application package.

# Usage

You can use the PackageInfo to query information about the
application package. This works both on iOS and Android.

```dart
import 'package:package_info/package_info.dart';

PackageInfo packageInfo = await PackageInfo.fromPlatform();

String appName = packageInfo.appName;
String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
String version = packageInfo.version;
String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
```

Or in async mode:

```dart
PackageInfo.fromPlatform().then((PackageInfo packageInfo) {
  String appName = packageInfo.appName;
  String packageName = packageInfo.packageName;
  String version = packageInfo.version;
  String buildNumber = packageInfo.buildNumber;
});
```

## Known Issue

As noted on [issue 20761](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/20761#issuecomment-493434578), package_info on iOS
requires the Xcode build folder to be rebuilt after changes to the version string in `pubspec.yaml`.
Clean the Xcode build folder with:
`XCode Menu -> Product -> (Holding Option Key) Clean build folder`.

## Issues and feedback

Please file [issues](https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/new) to send feedback or report a bug. Thank you!
